---
copy_path: "_w/2024W51.md"
date: 2024-12-22
description: Some coding projects and adulting. Weeknotes for the 51st week of the year 2024.
lastmod: 2024-12-22
publish: true
slug: 2024W51
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: Weeknotes 2024W51
toc: false
---

I got up early one morning and **added some snow to my website** to get into the winter spirit. I made use of Zach Leatherman's [`<snow-fall>` web component](https://github.com/zachleat/snow-fall) to do most of the heavy lifting. I added a few lines so that each snowflake is a different color to match my colorful theme. It looked too much like confetti instead of snow so I increased the opacity a tiny bit and it looks like snow again. Very excited about this!

I received a thank-you message from a Peace Corps Morocco volunteer that is **keeping my [weather report](https://github.com/Westley-Winks/weather-reports) project going.** I had a blast doing this for my cohort and I'm glad that the legacy lives on. The best thing is that this volunteer is a woman who had never coded before and used my code and docs to learn something new to do something fun for the group.

I'm back to being an adult. I had to **get car insurance** as well as register my car and renew my license once I get back to Oregon. That stuff adds up when you don't have a reliable income.

**[Zen Browser](https://zen-browser.app/) made the rounds** this week and I had to give it a try. It's a Firefox fork that is focused on privacy and simplicity. As my daily driver for the week, I can squarely say that I love it.

I had an **idea that I've been sketching and brainstorming** this week. I think more blogs and personal websites on the internet is a Good Thing but there is a lot of friction if you want to build one. Either you have to have some technical knowledge or pay for a website builder. What if your **entire website was contained in a single file** that you write in and click Run to generate? The target user is someone who:

- Wants a simple way to put their stuff on the internet
- Probably hasn't touched the command line before
- Doesn't want to pay money
- Doesn't want to learn HTML and CSS (and definitely not a static site generator)

My current idea is to **create a "language"** similar to Markdown with a way to delineate pages and posts and give data to each. I have a good model in my head that makes sense to me conceptually—the site is a tree of different components like pages, assets, etc. and each of those might have different branches. But what does a user write into the file to fill it in? What's the syntax?

Another side project. I'm working on a **simple proof-of-concept website** for a friend's business idea. For now, it's just one page to explain the concept and grab attention from investors and stakeholders. _Coding_ websites is easy for me now but _design_ is so much more difficult.

## Links

- [SmartHome: An Adventure Game](https://smarthome.steviep.xyz/) by Steve Pikelny. Fun and incredibly frustrating idler game. Stick with it for a little while and find some great easter eggs.
- [Estimating projects sells them short (and that's okay)](https://ntietz.com/blog/estimating-projects-short-sale/) by Nicole Tietz-Sokolsaya. When starting a project, you usually need to estimate how long it is going to take. You're hoping that the actual time to complete it is less than you estimated but there is a risk that it takes way longer. There is limited upside and unlimited potential downsides just like when short-selling on the stock market.
- [Fresh new green](https://www.wavebeem.com/blog/2024/fresh-new-green/) by Sage. The design process for making a lovely green website inspired by a can of Sprite.
- [A decade without a drink](https://eieio.games/blog/a-decade-without-a-drink/) by Nolen Royalty (eieio). An engaging and vulnerable piece about recovery.
- [Fonts by HEX Projects.](https://hex.xyz/) There are some real winners in here with reasonable prices. My favorites are Museum Sans, Forester, and Marionette.
- [Time Since Launch](https://cwandt.com/products/time-since-launch?variant=19682206089275) by CW&T. A beautiful little device that counts _up_ after pulling the pin. Designed to last forever to mark an occasion. They've also got a lot of other really cool products worth checking out.
- [The Carrier Bag Theory of Fiction](https://stillmoving.org/resources/the-carrier-bag-theory-of-fiction) by Ursula K. Le Guin.
