---
copy_path: "_w/2024W45.md"
date: 2024-11-11
description: I finished my Peace Corps service this week. Weeknotes for the 45th week of the year 2024.
lastmod: 2024-11-11
publish: true
slug: 2024W45
tags:
  - peace-corps
  - weeknotes
title: Weeknotes 2024W45
toc: true
---

## Became a Returned Peace Corps Volunteer

I actually did it. I told everyone—myself, mostly—that I was going to spend two years immersed in Moroccan culture in the name of world peace and friendship. To sum up my service in one sentence: it was the most difficult thing I've ever been through and I am overwhelmingly grateful for the experiences I've had and the people I've met.

About half of my cohort (minus those who are extending past the standard two years) was in Rabat this week for the "close of service" process. We spent four days running around getting signatures, filling out final paperwork, going to the dentist, and getting our blood and stool analyzed. We had a small ceremony with staff and another volunteer got us a big cake to celebrate. Each volunteer went up for a few words from the country director, signed our name, then hit a drum with a big stick to signal that we were done.

It feels strange. I'm still processing and I'm not really sure how I feel. I do know that I'm proud of myself, uncertain of what the future holds, and thankful for the experience. The next few weeks are going to be reserved for reflection, processing, and readjusting to American life. My girlfriend and I flew to Texas on Sunday (with way too many bags and a Moroccan street cat) so I'll be here for the near future.

## Bits and bobs

I'm disappointed and worried about Donald Trump being president again. I am glad I was around other people who share my political beliefs for once though. I've always been in right-leaning communities and circles in rural Oregon. I don't feel like I can fully speak my political mind around most people I know so it felt nice being in a social circle that is more closely aligned with my views around election day.

## Links

Not much internet surfing this week on account of travelling and running around the capital all week.

- [The United States of Abortion Mazes](https://pudding.cool/2024/10/abortion-mazes/) by The Pudding. I love how The Pudding tells stories. They took each state's abortion policies and made a maze for each. The more complex it is to navigate abortion access, the more complex the maze.
- [Share Your Shit](https://birming.com/share-your-shit/) by Robert Birming. In my ideal internet, everyone would have their own website and everyone would be open and share their shit.
