---
copy_path: "_w/2024W05.md"
date: 2025-02-02
description: Built a website for a client, played a new (to me) video game, and did chores. Weeknotes for the 5th week of the year 2025.
lastmod: 2025-02-02
publish: true
slug: 2025W05
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: Weeknotes 2025W05
toc: false
---

I spent this week doing the bulk of the work on **building a website** for a client. I started from an 11ty template that fit the bill for a business website pretty well. After cutting out all the stuff this client doesn't need, I went through each page and modified them to include their images and copy. I also switched up the colors and buttons a little bit to fit the design they were going for. A major modification was making a big navbar hover effect that showed their services.

One of the pages was pretty technical and text heavy. I opted for a two-column grid with a sticky header on the left that scrolled with the informational text on the right. **What I thought would take about five minutes making turned into nearly two hours** when the headers wouldn't stick. I poked around and had an inkling it was an overflow problem. The template I used had set `overflow-x: hidden` on a few elements to prevent images from spilling over. I figured this wasn't a problem because it was the y dimension that was causing a problem. I banged my head on the desk until I found this wonderful little nugget in an [article from Polypane:](https://polypane.app/blog/getting-stuck-all-the-ways-position-sticky-can-fail/#issue-overflow-hidden)

> Note that when you set an `overflow-x: hidden` somewhere, then it also forces `overflow-y: auto` on the same element, so you still create a new scrolling area.

All it took was changing that rule to `overflow-x: clip`. Definitely learned something there.

The other thing that took a lot of my time was **playing God of War: Ragnarok**. God of War is my favorite video game franchise of all time and the latest one got released not soon after I left for Morocco. I've avoided spoilers and thought about this game way too much for two and a half years. It finally went on sale (and I got some money from making that website) and I bought it this week. It is even better than the last one. There is a nice blend of familiarity and shiny new features. There are new mechanics and you can really tell that the developers put so much thought into making everything from the story to small annoyances better.

Yesterday was spent **doing chores** around the farm. AM and I moved a bunch of scrap wood out to the burn pile that will get burned one of these winters. We also did some hot tub maintenance, filling it up and making sure the chemicals were in order.

Last night, some friends came over and we had pizza and **watched motocross**. They all got into it while I was gone so I'm trying to get into it myself.

## Links

- [Truth Doesn't Scale](https://www.newcartographies.com/p/truth-doesnt-scale) by Nicholas Carr. On Facebook's new community notes fact-checking model.
	> The desire to “scale” fact checking, to mechanize the arbitration of truth, is just another example of the tragic misunderstanding that lies at the core of Silicon Valley’s entire, grandiose attempt to remake society in its own image: that human relations get better as they get more efficient. A community, we seem fated to learn over and over again, is not a network.
- [Advice for a friend who wants to start a blog](https://www.henrikkarlsson.xyz/p/start-a-blog) by Henrik Karlsson. Good tips in here for just doing the thing and writing.
- [Comball](https://erayzesen.itch.io/comball) by Eray Zesen. A quaint little game that combines pool with 2048. Surprisingly difficult.
- [Silent Poems](https://silentpoems.net/) by Lavinia Petrache. Write words that connect by a single line. Fun little animations that make the page look really cool when you're done.
- [Stained Glass Smash](https://glass.funwebsite.fun/) by Michael Turvey. Click to break your own colorful window.
- > [I expect to pass through this world but once;](https://www.loc.gov/item/rbpe.1340040a/) if, therefore, there be any kindness I can show, or any good thing I can do my fellow being, let me do it now; let me not defer, nor neglect it, for I shall not pass this way again.
