---
copy_path: "_w/2024W49.md"
date: 2024-12-09
description: Christmas, new things, a science museum, and a visit from a friend. Weeknotes for the 49th week of the year 2024.
lastmod: 2024-12-09
publish: true
slug: 2024W49
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: Weeknotes 2024W49
toc: false
---

AM and I put up **Christmas decorations** this week. It was fun to look at all the ornaments and lights and such. I haven't helped decorate for Christmas in years as I usually just show up to my various family's homes with it already cozy and set up.

Christmas also came early and I got myself a **new pickleball paddle.** Someone recommended [Friday](https://fridaypickle.com/) as a good brand for a budget paddle so that's what we went with. We're getting into it now so I'm viewing it as an investment in my physical wellbeing. I'm also tired of people saying that the wood paddles we rented from the rec center were garbage.

I've been craving a private space to do my computer work at and finally picked up a **new desk** for $20 off Facebook Marketplace. Now I can do that thing where I put on my noise-cancelling headphones and go down an internet rabbit hole or write while disregarding the outside world.

The main event of the week was a **visit from a Peace Corps friend.** He's taking an All American Road Trip across the country to see friends and family and I'm glad he made a stop in Texas. The first night, we made everyone's favorite Moroccan dish, rfisa. AM made the sauce while I mostly made the bread and it was absolutely fantastic.

The next day, we went to Dallas to visit the **Perot Museum of Nature and Science.** It was so cool! There was a big variety of exhibits from gemstones to the human body to energy. The engineering section was a little underwhelming as it was pretty much all robotics but really cool nonetheless. I got a lapel pin as a souvenir. After that, we had dinner with AM's family and played Cards Against Humanity. I love cracking jokes and belly-laughing.

We finished the trip with a rainy day in having drinks, playing games, and having a **movie night.** After I spilled half a bottle of champagne on the ceiling, John introduced us to They Cloned Tyrone which was really good. We also watched Everything, Everywhere, All at Once <%= link_to "for my second time.", "collections/_w/2024W36.md", class: "internal-link" %> I think it gets better each time.

## Links

- [Joaquin: A Youth Development volunteer in Morocco](https://wanderingtheworld.com/joaquin-a-youth-development-volunteer-in-morocco/) by Jim Damico and Joaquin Ross-Tellechea. My friend Joaquin who I served with did an interview sharing things he did and learned in Morocco.
- [D-20 wristwatch](https://timestoptech.com/products/d-20-black-resin) by Timestop. I actually just lost my trusty Casio calculator watch I've had for years in airport security. This one looks just retro-cool but it can generate random numbers.
- [The Off Set font set](https://off-type.com/products/offset) by Off Type. Really good deal on some beautiful and fun fonts. Added to my Christmas list.
- [One-page RPG Jam submissions](https://itch.io/jam/one-page-rpg-jam-2024/entries) on itch.io. Lots of really cool indie RPG games with rules that fit on one page. My friend and I tried Handful of Spies and it was pretty fun once we got the hang of it.
- [This must be the place](https://newpublic.substack.com/p/this-must-be-the-place) by Josh Kramer. Building local communities and using technology to facilitate that. We have a responsibility to build things now for the billions who will live after us.
- [Is speaking multiple languages overrated?](https://www.scotthyoung.com/blog/2024/11/12/multiple-languages-overrated/) by Scott H. Young. While being able to speak multiple languages _sounds_ cool, it usually isn't worth it unless you are traveling. It's better to stick to getting really good at one local language.
