---
copy_path: "_w/2025W22.md"
date: 2025-06-01
description: "Had a lake day, hung out with friends, and picked up a broken down car. Weeknotes for the 22nd week of the year 2025."
lastmod: 2025-06-01
publish: true
slug: "2025W22"
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: "Weeknotes 2025W22"
toc: false
---

This week, I had a quick request from a client to **add higher quality photos to his website**. His company has bigger clients looking at it now and it needed a little professional boost. I hadn't done image optimization in a few weeks so it took me a minute to remember the concepts but Astro and my weeknotes from a while back helped.

A friend fixed up a small fishing boat for his dad and we took it out on the **lake for its maiden voyage**. We were both expecting to just go out for 30 minutes or so, see that the boat floated and ran, then go home. We had so much fun that we stayed out there all day, bouncing from beach to beach across the lake. I got a pretty intense sunburn but it was worth it.

The weekend was more eventful. It started with a **hang out at a friend's house**. I went over at around lunchtime work on a project together. We got some work done then called some more friends over and had a barbecue and drinks. In high school, that same friend group would sit in the parking lot between classes and play Fun Run 3 on our phones, giggling way too hard and not doing studying that we probably should have been doing. We pulled it out again this weekend and it was nostalgic and we laughed just as hard.

To top off the week, AM's **car broke down** on her way home from the Western part of the state. Luckily, I was able to borrow a truck and a trailer and go pick her and the car up. It's still sitting on the trailer, headed to the shop tomorrow.

## Links

- [Owls in Towels](https://owlsintowels.org/). Exactly what it says on the tin plus information about how to help owls.
- [Unsure Calculator](https://filiph.github.io/unsure/) by Filip Hráček. A calculator based on probabilities and ranges instead of discrete values.
- [Close to the metal: web design and the browser](https://goodinternetmagazine.com/close-to-the-metal-web-design-and-the-browser/) by Ovi Demetrian Jr. Browsers can do a lot of useful, accessible things these days. Most things on the internet can be done with HTML, CSS, and a sprinkling of JavaScript.
- [DOGE Days](https://sahillavingia.com/doge) by Sahil Lavingia. An interesting story from the inside of a software engineering working for DOGE.
- [The Future is Colourful and Dimensional](https://www.flarup.email/p/the-future-is-colourful-and-dimensional) by Michael Flarup. Airbnb did a major redesign and shifted from flat design to animations, 3D icons, and chunky surfaces. Lots of sites (at least for most tech companies) use a flat design so it's nice to see something new.
