---
copy_path: "_w/2025W06.md"
date: 2025-02-10
description: Did more client website work, played Dungeons and Dragons, and read quite a bit. Weeknotes for the 6th week of the year 2025.
lastmod: 2025-02-10
publish: true
slug: 2025W06
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: Weeknotes 2025W06
toc: false
---

This week, I did a **round of edits on a client website** after meeting with them and discussing the design. Nothing major needed changed, just colors and sizing and quick fixes like that. I made one change that made the light mode look 10 times better. It's a standard business website with a big hero section at the top. This hero had an image in the background with a black overlay to increase contrast on the text. This looked great in dark mode but it didn't make the light mode look very light. Instead, I **changed the overlay to white** in light mode. It made the whole thing pop like it should.

Another thing I learned is that **[Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) is a really great product**. I've been using it to host my personal website for a long time but never used it for a client project. Hosting is fast and really easy. Generating test previews is as easy as typing `netlify deploy` and sending the link to the client. I had a working contact form on the same platform in about five minutes which is another great feature. Everything I need is on the same platform and it's affordable. Highly recommend.

While I was in Peace Corps, we had a small group of people to **play Dungeons and Dragons** and we are trying to start another group since we're all back home. We had our initial meeting to set up characters and the story. I'm looking forward to hanging out with my friends again with high-speed internet for once.

There was lots of media consumption this week. First, I **finished reading [Practical Typography](https://practicaltypography.com/) by Matthew Butterick**. As the title suggests, it's very practical and opinionated. I got some really good tips and principles to look for when designing anything meant for others to read. The next book I read was **[The Sketchnote Handbook](https://rohdesign.com/handbook) by Mike Rohde**. This was a fun one. It was inspiring and made me believe I can actually draw things. It wasn't particularly useful until the last third where there are practical sketching tips and exercises to practice—still worth the quick read. Lastly, I **started reading [The Personal MBA](https://personalmba.com/) by Josh Kaufman**. I'm a bit reluctant because it has a slight "get rich quick!" feel to it but I'm sure there are some useful nuggets in there.

I finished the week off **watching the Super Bowl** with friends. We had some classic chicken wings and AM made a couple of pizzas. Good times.

## Links

Not a lot of web-surfing this week.

- [Why Blog If Nobody Reads It?](https://andysblog.uk/why-blog-if-nobody-reads-it/) by Andy Hawthorne. This finally puts into words why I write things on the internet. I write for future me, a particular person I can send a link to later, and just to do the act of writing.
