---
copy_path: "_w/2025W10.md"
date: 2025-03-09
description: "Read some books, played the banjo, and put finishing touches on a website. Weeknotes for the 10th week of the year 2025."
lastmod: 2025-03-09
publish: true
slug: "2025W10"
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: "Weeknotes 2025W10"
toc: false
---

Pretty slow week around here. It's Ramadan but since I'm in the United States now, I decided not to fast, choosing to consistently exercise for the lunar month. I've never really taken it seriously and I really don't like it so this is a good excuse to get started.

I **started reading Of Boys and Men** by Richard Reeves. I've read about the problems modern women face but never heard anything about what men are going through. It's a pretty interesting read so far. I also **started reading The Left Hand of Darkness** by Ursula K. Le Guin. Her <%= link_to "Wizard of Earthsea", "collections/_b/a-wizard-of-earthsea.md", class: "internal-link" %> series kind of fizzled out for me in the third book so I picked up this one to get excited about reading again.

I have been **playing my banjo** more this week and having a lot of fun with it. I've mostly just been learning popular songs from O Brother Where Art Thou and The Dead South. I take that and combine the techniques until it sounds cool.

Lastly, I sat down with a client (my brother) to **finish up his new business' website**. I used Astro and Tailwind for this project and, wow, my development speed went way up across the board. We're both excited to launch this week.

## Links

- [Every Ipsum Generator](https://everyipsum.com/). Generate themed placeholder text in the style of a pirate, wizard, or meme-lord.
- [Drunk Pirate](https://drunkpirate.co.uk/) by Anton Williams. Fun drinking game in your browser. Flip the card and do what it says.
