---
copy_path: "_w/2025W13.md"
date: 2025-03-30
description: "Started a job search, learned a new programming language, and found some pins at the flea market. Weeknotes for the 13th week of the year 2025."
lastmod: 2025-03-30
publish: true
slug: "2025W13"
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: "Weeknotes 2025W13"
toc: false
---

This week's big project was **searching for jobs**. AM and I finally figured out where we are headed next so I can start properly job searching. I submitted a few résumés and made social media posts. I'm looking for engineering (not the software kind) jobs in the Eugene/Springfield, OR area so if you know of anything, [let me know](/#contact)!

As you will see in the links section below, I went into a rabbit hole of **learning Elixir and its accompanying web framework Phoenix**. I have recently done this thing where I get really excited about a programming language, kick the tires for about a month, then move onto the next one that piques my interest. Is it particularly useful? Not really. Is it fun and engaging? Absolutely. Elixir looks really cool.

AM got a gift card to a wine bar in the area and we finally used it. We had some **wine flights and really great food**. I'm not a big wine person but those were some of the nicest wines I've ever had. It was a great time!

Finally, there was a **flea market** this weekend that we went to. I got a new board/card game called Pit that looks interesting. The game itself is from 1964 and it's meant to replicate the "pit" at the American Corn Exchange. There are no turns and you trade commodities between players to try and get a full set and corner the market to win. 

I also found a few really cool **enamel pins**. My collection of pins and buttons has just been sitting in a drawer so I decided to come up with a way to display all of them. I took some old jeans, cut the legs off, and attached all my pins to the back. Then, I found the straightest juniper branch I could get outside and strung it through the belt loops and tied a string to either side to hang it. It looks really funky (in a good way) and it's a fun way to show off my collection.

## Links

- [Sell yourself, Sell Your Work ...](https://www.solipsys.co.uk/new/SellYourselfSellYourWork.html) by Colin Wright. Just because you've done a project doesn't mean others will automatically be as excited about it as you are.
- [Elixir and Phoenix can do it all!](https://fly.io/phoenix-files/elixir-and-phoenix-can-do-it-all/) by Jason Stiebs. OK, I know I said a few weeks ago I was excited about Clojure, I'm now excited about Elixir. It's fast, looks pretty intuitive, functional, first-class docs, and it can do it all.
- [What makes Elixir great for startups?](https://blog.sequinstream.com/what-makes-elixir-great-for-startups/) by Anthony Accomazzo. The Elixir ecosystem looks pretty excellent for one-person or small teams.
- [Stoop Coffee: How a Simple Idea Transformed My Neighborhood](https://supernuclear.substack.com/p/stoop-coffee-how-a-simple-idea-transformed) by Patty Smith. A really cool way to do community organization in a fun and productive way.
- [RUSHMERE](https://mumfordandsons.lnk.to/rushmereWE) by Mumford & Sons. New album released the other day and it is fantastic.
