---
copy_path: "_w/2025W15.md"
date: 2025-04-14
description: "Went to an RPCV function, launched a client website, and visited family. Weeknotes for the 15th week of the year 2025."
lastmod: 2025-04-14
publish: true
slug: "2025W15"
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: "Weeknotes 2025W15"
toc: false
---

I started off this week with **an RPCV get-together function**. I went last month and had lots of fun meeting new people and chatting about Peace Corps. This one was much of the same and I enjoyed chatting for a few hours again.

For work, I **launched a third client website**. I'm really proud of how this one came together and the clients were happy. It looks and works great and I made some smart design decisions instead of just following the standard business website template. Besides that, I did some more job searching and learning a new programming language.

This weekend, I went to **visit some family** I hadn't seen since getting back in the states. It was good to catch up with everyone and do the usual things. We went to a few second-hand stores and I found some cool enamel pins.

I also **fixed an overflow problem** I was having on the résumé page on my website. On mobile, the headers were too long to fit so it caused some weird horizontal scrolling that didn't look very nice. To fix it, I changed the header font size to be fluid that fits on mobile while still being nice and big on desktop.

## Links

- [Better typography with text-wrap pretty](https://webkit.org/blog/16547/better-typography-with-text-wrap-pretty/) by Jen Simmons. I've never really thought about how text gets wrapped that much before. Really fun read.
- [Your vs. My? UX Writing Guidelines](https://smart-interface-design-patterns.com/articles/your-vs-my/) by Vitaly Friedman. Another thing I've never really thought of but will definitely take notice of from now on. Lots of other cool links to go through in the [useful resources](https://smart-interface-design-patterns.com/articles/your-vs-my/#useful-resources) section.
