---
copy_path: "_w/2025W18.md"
date: 2025-05-04
description: "Searched for jobs, did chores outside, and started reading a new sci-fi book. Weeknotes for the 18th week of the year 2025."
lastmod: 2025-05-04
publish: true
slug: "2025W18"
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: "Weeknotes 2025W18"
toc: false
---

More **job searching** this week. I felt like I've been spinning my wheels and it was pretty discouraging. I flipped through my copy of Solving Problems that Matter by Khanjan Mehta to get inspired. This book is all about STEM careers in the social innovation space, exactly what my dream career is. I brushed up on logic models, personal "branding", and networking.

Spring has finally sprung which means **doing chores outside**. I assembled some porch furniture, moved some junk that has accumulated, and went on a weed-eating spree. It's nice to put on a podcast and semi-zone out.

Symbiote by Michael Nayak is pretty good. I've been flying through it. The premise is cool and the author has actually spent quite a lot of time in Antarctica which is interesting. The writing is pretty so-so though. It's pretty clear that this book is a debut novel but I'm enjoying it regardless.

## Links

- [End of 10](https://endof10.org/). Just because Windows 10 is losing support in a few months doesn't mean you need a new computer.
- [Fanaka](https://fanaka.readthedocs.io/). A handbook for African success in the international software industry. This is an interesting project built by and for Africans. Lots of good tools in there that everyone could probably find useful.
- [The Creativity Hack No One Told You About: Read the Obits](https://thereader.mitpress.mit.edu/the-creativity-hack-no-one-told-you-about-read-the-obits/) by Keith Sawyer. Reading basic obituaries and asking "why?" can help you think about random things that you never would have thought about otherwise.
- [Navegar sin bloqueador de anuncios es "complicado"](https://nevatblog.duckdns.org/anunciosweb_01052025.html) by David Lara. Excellent example of how annoying it is when a website asks you to turn off your ad blocker. With the ad blocker on, the website looks nice and inviting. Turn it off and you are immediately inundated with bullshit ads that you don't care about. There's a reason we want our ad blockers on.
	> Todo el mundo tiene derecho de configurar su web como crea conveniente.
- [Do I really own the digital media I bought?](https://www.digitalrightsbytes.org/topics/wait-i-don-t-own-the-digital-downloads-i-buy) by Digital Rights Bytes. Probably not. You probably just have a _license_ to use that media which can be revoked whenever the copyright owner chooses.
- [You are not your job search.](https://brilliantcrank.com/you-are-not-your-job-search-redux/) by Greg Storey. A good reminder that you do have value even when it is so discouraging and frustrating looking for a job. Though, I do think this goes a little far the other direction. You do still have to pay the bills, after all.
