---
copy_path: "_w/2025W19.md"
date: 2025-05-12
description: "Did some networking and job searching, learned some Phoenix and Elixir, and had a party. Weeknotes for the 19th week of the year 2025."
lastmod: 2025-05-12
publish: true
slug: "2025W19"
tags:
  - weeknotes
title: "Weeknotes 2025W19"
toc: false
---

On the professional development side of things, I **did an informational interview** with someone at a company I've had my eye on for a while. I learned some things and it was a good little conversation. Networking is tough but when I think about it as simply asking for directions, it goes much smoother for me. Similarly, I checked on some pending applications to make sure they weren't completely out in the void.

I've had an idea for a simple web app floating around for a while and I've been using it as an excuse to learn Elixir and Phoenix. I've dabbled with Rails but I'm always looking for new things to learn. After spinning my wheels with the documentation for a while, I **started going through Programming Phoenix Liveview** by Bruce A. Tate and Sophie DeBenedetto. I like how it goes through concepts well before looking at the code. As I learned new things, I applied it to my web app and I've finally got a **working MVP**. It's not a revolutionary idea but it is mildly interesting and fun.

<%= link_to "From last week", "collections/_w/2025W18.md", class: "internal-link" %>, I **finished reading Symbiote by Michael Nayak**. I'd recommend it to those into science fiction. The premise and plot were great but the writing style was a bit strange to me. I blew through it in just a few days. AM and I **watched Sinners** at the theaters. It had really great music and sound design. The twin thing was also really cool and well-done. 

To close out the week, we had a big **Mother's Day function** at the house. We played pickleball, ate lots of barbecue, had some drinks, and enjoyed time with friends.

## Links

- [The future of web development is AI. Get on or get left behind.](https://alex.party/posts/2025-05-05-the-future-of-web-development-is-ai-get-on-or-get-left-behind/) by Alex Riviere. Just like lots of other previous technologies that were supposed to be The Next Big Thing, AI is fueled by a lot of hype.
- [Reservoir Sampling](https://samwho.dev/reservoir-sampling/) by Sam Rose. A cool "technique for selecting a fair random sample when you don't know the size of the set you're sampling from."
- [From: Steve Jobs. "Great idea, thank you."](https://blog.hayman.net/2025/05/06/from-steve-jobs-great-idea.html) by Steve Hayman. Fun story about getting emails that were supposed to go to Steve Jobs.
- [Old Timey Mono Font](https://github.com/dse/old-timey-mono-font) by Darren Embry. Nice little mono typewriter font.
- [websiteheadlines.com](https://websiteheadlines.com/). A list of great website/landing headlines.
- [How to Start a School With Your Friends](https://prigoose.substack.com/p/how-to-start-a-university) by Priya Rose. A great idea for getting people all in one place to learn together.
